---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lumos_apps Data Source - terraform-provider-lumos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Apps DataSource
---

# lumos_apps (Data Source)

Apps DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "lumos_apps" "my_apps" {
  exact_match = false
  expand = [
    "..."
  ]
  name_search = "...my_name_search..."
  page        = 3
  size        = 19
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exact_match` (Boolean) Search filter should be an exact match.
- `expand` (List of String) Fields to expand. Supported fields: custom_attributes.
- `name_search` (String) Search against name, app instance identifier, and app class ID.
- `page` (Number) Page number
- `size` (Number) Page size

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `pages` (Number)
- `total` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `allow_multiple_permission_selection` (Boolean) Determines whether users can request multiple permissions at once.This field will be removed in subsequent API versions.
- `app_class_id` (String) The non-unique ID of the service associated with this requestable permission. Depending on how it is sourced in Lumos, this may be the app's name, website, or other identifier.
- `category` (String) The category of the app, as shown in the AppStore
- `custom_attributes` (Attributes Map) Custom attributes configured on the app (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes))
- `description` (String) The user-facing description of the app
- `id` (String) The ID of this app.
- `instance_id` (String) The non-unique ID of the instance associated with this app. This will be the Okta app id if it’s an Okta app, or will be marked as custom_app_import if manually uploaded into Lumos.
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--links))
- `logo_url` (String) The URL of the logo of this app.
- `request_instructions` (String) The request instructions.
- `sources` (List of String) The sources of this app.
- `status` (String)
- `user_friendly_label` (String) The user-friendly label of this app.
- `website_url` (String) The URL of the website of this app.

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) The value of the attribute for an individual Order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value))

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes.value`

Read-Only:

- `array_of_user` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value--array_of_user))
- `date_time` (String)
- `integer` (Number)
- `str` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value--array_of_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes.value.array_of_user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email of this user.
- `family_name` (String) The family name of this user.
- `given_name` (String) The given name of this user.
- `id` (String) The ID of this user.
- `status` (String) The status of this user.




<a id="nestedatt--items--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.links`

Read-Only:

- `admin_url` (String) A URL to access this application within the Lumos web UI
- `self` (String) The canonical API URL for retrieving this specific application
