---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lumos_users Data Source - terraform-provider-lumos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Users DataSource
---

# lumos_users (Data Source)

Users DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "lumos_users" "my_users" {
  exact_match = true
  expand = [
    "..."
  ]
  page        = 4
  search_term = "...my_search_term..."
  size        = 87
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exact_match` (Boolean) If a search_term is provided, only accept exact matches.
- `expand` (List of String) Fields to expand. Supported fields: custom_attributes.
- `page` (Number) Page number
- `search_term` (String) Search for users by name or email.
- `size` (Number) Page size

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `pages` (Number)
- `total` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `custom_attributes` (Attributes Map) Custom attributes configured on the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes))
- `email` (String) The email of this user.
- `family_name` (String) The family name of this user.
- `given_name` (String) The given name of this user.
- `id` (String) The ID of this user.
- `status` (String) The status of this user.

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) The value of the attribute for an individual Order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value))

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes.value`

Read-Only:

- `array_of_user` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value--array_of_user))
- `date_time` (String)
- `integer` (Number)
- `str` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_attributes--value--array_of_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_attributes.value.array_of_user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email of this user.
- `family_name` (String) The family name of this user.
- `given_name` (String) The given name of this user.
- `id` (String) The ID of this user.
- `status` (String) The status of this user.
