---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lumos_app Resource - terraform-provider-lumos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App Resource
---

# lumos_app (Resource)

App Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "lumos_app" "my_app" {
  category             = "...my_category..."
  description          = "...my_description..."
  logo_url             = "...my_logo_url..."
  name                 = "...my_name..."
  request_instructions = "...my_request_instructions..."
  website_url          = "...my_website_url..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) The category of the app you're creating. Possible values: 'Accounting & Finance', 'Marketing & Analytics', 'Content & Social Media', 'Sales & Support', 'Design & Creativity', 'IT & Security', 'Developers', 'HR & Learning', 'Office & Legal', 'Communication', 'Collaboration', 'Commerce & Marketplaces', 'Other', 'Internal'
- `description` (String) The description of the app you're creating.
- `name` (String) The name of the app you're creating.

### Optional

- `logo_url` (String) The URL of the logo of the app you're creating.
- `request_instructions` (String) The request instructions.
- `website_url` (String) The URL of the website of the app you're creating.

### Read-Only

- `allow_multiple_permission_selection` (Boolean) Determines whether users can request multiple permissions at once.This field will be removed in subsequent API versions.
- `app_class_id` (String) The non-unique ID of the service associated with this requestable permission. Depending on how it is sourced in Lumos, this may be the app's name, website, or other identifier.
- `id` (String) The ID of this app.
- `instance_id` (String) The non-unique ID of the instance associated with this app. This will be the Okta app id if it’s an Okta app, or will be marked as custom_app_import if manually uploaded into Lumos.
- `sources` (List of String) The sources of this app.
- `status` (String) The status of this app. Possible values: 'DISCOVERED', 'NEEDS_REVIEW', 'APPROVED', 'BLOCKLISTED', 'DEPRECATED'. must be one of ["DISCOVERED", "NEEDS_REVIEW", "APPROVED", "BLOCKLISTED", "DEPRECATED"]
- `user_friendly_label` (String) The user-friendly label of this app.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import lumos_app.my_lumos_app ""
```
