---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lumos_pre_approval_rule Resource - terraform-provider-lumos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PreApprovalRule Resource
---

# lumos_pre_approval_rule (Resource)

PreApprovalRule Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "lumos_pre_approval_rule" "my_preapprovalrule" {
  app_id        = "...my_app_id..."
  justification = "...my_justification..."
  preapproval_webhooks = [
    {
      id = "...my_id..."
    }
  ]
  preapproved_groups = [
    {
      app_id                  = "...my_app_id..."
      id                      = "...my_id..."
      integration_specific_id = "...my_integration_specific_id..."
    }
  ]
  preapproved_permissions = [
    {
      id = "...my_id..."
    }
  ]
  time_based_access = [
    "4 hours"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app associated with this pre-approval rule. Requires replacement if changed.
- `justification` (String) The justification of this preapproval rule.

### Optional

- `preapproval_webhooks` (Attributes List) The preapproval webhooks of this preapproval rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preapproval_webhooks))
- `preapproved_groups` (Attributes List) The preapproved groups of this preapproval rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preapproved_groups))
- `preapproved_permissions` (Attributes List) The preapproved permissions of this preapproval rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preapproved_permissions))
- `time_based_access` (List of String) Preapproval rule time access length,

### Read-Only

- `app_class_id` (String) The ID of the service associated with this pre-approval rule.
- `app_instance_id` (String) Optionally, an app has an identifer associated with it's particular instance.
- `id` (String) The ID of this preapproval rule.

<a id="nestedatt--preapproval_webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preapproval_webhooks`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of this inline webhook. Not Null

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this inline webhook.
- `hook_type` (String) The type of this inline webhook. must be one of ["PRE_APPROVAL", "PROVISION", "DEPROVISION", "REQUEST_VALIDATION", "SIEM"]
- `name` (String) The name of this inline webhook.


<a id="nestedatt--preapproved_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preapproved_groups`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app that sources this group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this group.
- `integration_specific_id` (String) The ID of this group, specific to the integration.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this group.
- `group_lifecycle` (String) The lifecycle of this group. Default: "SYNCED"; must be one of ["SYNCED", "NATIVE"]
- `name` (String) The name of this group.
- `source_app_id` (String) The ID of the app that sources this group.


<a id="nestedatt--preapproved_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preapproved_permissions`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of this requestable permission.

Read-Only:

- `app_class_id` (String) The non-unique ID of the service associated with this requestable permission. Depending on how it is sourced in Lumos, this may be the app's name, website,  or other identifier.
- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app associated with this requestable permission.
- `app_instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance associated with this requestable permission.
- `label` (String) The label of this requestable permission.
- `type` (String) The type of this requestable permission. must be one of ["SYNCED", "NATIVE"]
