---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lumos_requestable_permission Resource - terraform-provider-lumos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Requestable Permission
---

# lumos_requestable_permission (Resource)

Requestable Permission



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app associated with this requestable permission
- `label` (String) The label of this requestable permission.
- `manager_approval_required` (Boolean) When a user makes an access request, require that their manager approves the request before moving on to additional approvals.
- `manual_steps_needed` (Boolean) If enabled, Lumos will reach out to the App Admin after initial access is granted to perform additional manual steps. Note that if this option is enabled, this action must be confirmed by the App Admin in order to resolve the request.
- `request_approval_config_override` (Boolean) TODO
- `require_additional_approval` (Boolean) Only turn on when working with sensitive permissions to ensure a smooth employee experience.
- `time_based_access_options` (Set of String) Access length options available for the users to request an app for a selected duration. After expiry, Lumos will automatically remove user's access. If empty default will be Unlimited.
- `time_based_access_override` (Boolean) TODO
- `visible_in_appstore` (Boolean) Defines if the permission will be visible in the AppStore to request access or not.

### Optional

- `access_removal_inline_webhook` (String) The ID of inactivity workflow can be optionally associated with this app.
- `allowed_groups` (Set of String) Define if its a 'SYNCED' permission from idp with a real association with the app or a 'NATIVE' [manual] permission.
- `approver_groups_stage_1` (Set of String) Group IDs assigned as approvers.
- `approver_groups_stage_2` (Set of String) Group IDs assigned as approvers in stage 2
- `approver_users_stage_1` (Set of String) User IDs assigned as approvers.
- `approver_users_stage_2` (Set of String) User IDs assigned as approvers in stage 2
- `manual_instructions` (String) Only Available if manual steps is active. During the provisioning step, send a custom message to app admins explaining how to provision a user to the permission. Markdown for links and text formatting is supported.
- `provisioning_group` (Attributes) The provisioning group ID optionally associated with this config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_group))
- `provisioning_inline_webhook` (String) The ID of provisioning webhook optionally associated with this app.
- `request_validation_inline_webhook` (String) The ID of request validation webhook can be optionally associated with this app.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this requestable permission.
- `last_updated` (String)
- `permission_type` (String) Define if its a 'SYNCED' permission from idp with a real association with the app or a 'NATIVE' [manual] permission.

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_group`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app associated with this provisioning group
- `id` (String) The ID of the provisioning group
- `integration_specific_id` (String) The ID of the integration specific to the provisioning group
